# Chromacard
Note: Only Color Scheme is generated By AI.
This is a simple product card generator that uses the Hue Mint API to generate random colors for product card. It is built using Vanilla JS and designed to be easy to use and customize.
Chromacard only serves to choose best color combination for your product card using AI.
More features are coming soon which includes:
- Adding Text and Image of your choose directly from site (Now you have to add it manually after copying code).
- More Product Card Styles.

## How it Works

The application uses the Hue Mint API to generate a random color scheme. When you click the "Generate Product Card" button, the application makes a request to the API and retrieves a new color scheme. The application then uses this color scheme to generate a new product card using vanilla JavaScript.

The product card is created using HTML and CSS, and the JavaScript is used to dynamically update the card with the new color scheme.

## How to Use

To use the application, simply navigate to the [live demo](https://ajmalrazzaq07.github.io/Chromacard/) and click the "Generate Product Card" button.

## Customization

If you want to customize the product card further, you can modify the code after copying according to your taste. 
Chromacard only serves to choose best color combination for your product card.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- SCSS
- JavaScript
- Hue Mint API

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, feel free to open a pull request. 

## License

This product card generator is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more information.
